about=WELCOME TO CARNIVAL RESORT, LATUR
Times change, but our dedication to serve you the best never will. Our unique service culture, combined with exquisite surroundings of the highest quality, embodies a home away from home. At Carnival Resort, "Atithi Devo Bhava" which means "Guest is God" is a way of life & everyone is committed to taking guests to reverential heights.

Located on the outskirts of Latur (yet a mere 10 minute ride from the city centre and railway station), Carnival Resort is a one-stop destination for all your needs and comforts. Be it a conference, wedding, dining, accommodation, lodging, private party or a holiday; your search for the best hotel in Latur to cater to all your requirements ends here.

You will find wide spectrum of features to help you unwind from the regular hustle and bustle. Come indulge in this serene & cheerful ambience for a whole new enriching experience.


adress==Ambejogai Road, Ambajogai Road-renapur, Latur - 413512, 

contact==
+919152404096

ABOUT US
With the vision of bringing world class facilities & luxury under one roof, I saw a dream called “Carnival Resort”. In spite of getting advice from everyone that such a huge project is way ahead of its time for Latur and should be set in Pune, Mumbai or Mahabaleshwar, I was keen & adamant on contributing something to my birthplace Latur, so that my fellow citizens don’t have to look for options outside Latur. And this dream has blossomed into a beautiful reality now.

Be it a conference, wedding, dining, accommodation, get-together or a holiday; Carnival Resort is a one-stop destination for all your needs & comforts. You will find wide spectrum of features to help you unwind from the regular hustle & bustle. Come indulge in this serene & cheerful ambience for a whole new enriching experience.

Also, I would like to take this opportunity to thank all those who supported me in realizing this dream.

“Main akela hi chala tha janib-e-manzil magar
Log saath aate gaye aur karavan banta gaya”

